README.md, before:

# timer

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Technical Stack](#tech_stack)
- [Issues](#issues)
- [To Do](#todo)

## About <a name = "about"></a>

Pomodoro timer for developers.

## Screenshots <a name = "screenshots"></a>


## Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Prerequisites

To run this project locally, you need to have Node.js installed on your machine. You can download it from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or install it with your package manager. I recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [n](https://github.com/tj/n).

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`
3. Run the app with `npm run dev`

## Features <a name = "features"></a>

- Suggest a name for the task based on the history.

## Tasks <a name = "tasks"></a>

- [x] Initial settings
- [x] Routes
- [x] Base layout
- [x] Header component
- [x] Home page
- [x] History page
- [x] Status component
- [x] Form validation

## Technical Stack <a name = "tech_stack"></a>

- React - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- Vite - Next generation frontend tooling
- Styled Components - Visual primitives for the component age
- ESLint - Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code
- React Router - Declarative routing for React
- Phosphor Icons - A set of open source icons
- React Hook Form - Performant, flexible and extensible forms with easy-to-use validation

## Issues <a name = "issues"></a>

## To Do <a name = "todo"></a>

Commit message:

update readme - Update features - Update tasks

README.md, after:

# timer

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Technical Stack](#tech_stack)
- [Issues](#issues)
- [To Do](#todo)

## About <a name = "about"></a>

Pomodoro timer for developers.

## Screenshots <a name = "screenshots"></a>


## Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Prerequisites

To run this project locally, you need to have Node.js installed on your machine. You can download it from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or install it with your package manager. I recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [n](https://github.com/tj/n).

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`
3. Run the app with `npm run dev`

## Features <a name = "features"></a>

- Suggest a name for the task based on the history.
- Save the task in the history.
- Display the history of tasks.
- Display the status of the task.
- Create a new work session.

## Tasks <a name = "tasks"></a>

- [x] Initial settings
- [x] Routes
- [x] Base layout
- [x] Header component
- [x] Home page
- [x] History page
- [x] Status component
- [x] Form validation
- [x] Start work session
- [ ] Create countdown

## Technical Stack <a name = "tech_stack"></a>

- React - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- Vite - Next generation frontend tooling
- Styled Components - Visual primitives for the component age
- ESLint - Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code
- React Router - Declarative routing for React
- Phosphor Icons - A set of open source icons
- React Hook Form - Performant, flexible and extensible forms with easy-to-use validation

## Issues <a name = "issues"></a>

## To Do <a name = "todo"></a>
